Now I would like to call Ayesha Sadiq, who has got the first position
and on this achievement the college has given her a gold medal
I have got a good job now, then what objection does aunt have now?
she doesn't have any objection, and neither she is refusing to get me married to you
she hasn't refused but she diverts the topic by making excuses
sometimes next week or next month, how much more she is going to postpone it?
try to understand, Talal
she is helpless because of our circumstances & situation
she is just asking for the time, maybe she finds some solution
Bano do you know, waiting is no solution to any problem
my mother has grown tired of coming to your house again & again
and now when I ask her to visit your house, she gets annoyed
if you are feeling so bad then get married as per her will, I won't say anything
will you be able to live without me?
I feel scared of thinking about it
whenever I think about it, my heart stops beating
that is why I'm asking you to think about us instead of your family for once
think about our future
isn't me & my love important for you?
your love is the most important thing to me
try to convince aunt
believe me Talal, she doesn't want to separate us
Bano look, aunt has to understand the fact that you are her daughter not son.
and you cannot earn for her for lifetime
you have uttered such bitter words so easily
Bano, this is the reality
I've become tired of waiting
I can wait for you all my life
but my mother wants me to get married first
you tell me, shall I not respect my mother's wish being the elder son?
this time my mother will say "yes", I promise you
Okay
Kareem, is dad fine?
yes sir
yes
did he eat the food?
yes sir
did you give him medicines?
yes, I have given it as soon as you had left
then why did you call me?
sir actually...
what?
with him...
what is with you?
I was so worried man!
this is the reason I've called you here
why she came here?
I've called Sadia
for what?
have you forgotten what she did with us?
dear, the last remaining days of my life
I want to spend them by forgetting all the mistakes
but there isn't any place for her in this house anymore
and neither in our lives
ask her to go back
dear, I had always wanted all of us to live together in our house
presently, I want to see my complete family
you are talking about which family?
have you forgotten that our family can never get completed
I cannot see her around at all, specially around you.
Ask her to go back
dear, she came here upon my insistence
she is your mother & forgive your mother
I shall forgive her?
you can forgive her
but not me
dear, I cannot see you living all alone
This is my last wish
please stop talking about such things. Nothing will happen to you
yesterday, I had word with doctor Shoaib & he gave me some hope. We are going to America tomorrow,...
dear, last time the doctors had already given me answer
I cannot see you leaving me like this
I will fight till my last breath
be brave my son
you have to compete these circumstances by being brave
and a brave person always forgives
forgive your mother
okay
Mr. Basit...
actually...
Mr. Imtiaz is here for the condolence
I wasn't in Pakistan at that time when I got this news
I felt so upset
Salman was just like a brother to me
even he use to consider you as his younger brother
Salman wanted to change this friendship into a relation
he was so happy when we met last time, he was thinking about Soha & Basit's marriage
I told him that it is an important matter & the children consent is very important
at that time I didn't knew that he is going to leave us like this
after all, how did this happen all of a sudden?
I don't know, brother Imtiaz
he called me one month before his death
at that time he was on the last stage of cancer, he asked me to come back
you did the right thing by coming here
even Basit has become so alone after Salman's death
yes
Kareem
yes sir
ask him to meet me in the lounge
Ok
here you go Bobby
if this formula of yours proved to be successful
then understand that you have learnt how to fool your naive customers
hey, what is this?
Have some mercy on us, Bobby
I don't purchase milk, turmeric & gram flour to apply on the face
sister, there is a rule for every business.
At first, one has to invest in order to make some profit
we haven't got a benefit of a single penny
if it would have been so easy to get fair complexion by these home remedies, then everyone would have become one
oh sister, speak softly... I've got one customer with a lot of difficulty
do you want her to runaway as well?
I hope so
don't hurt me, sister
an orphan's curse is very effective
oh God, how come I got trapped in these orphans
do you remember, what my mother had said before her death
Take care of my Bobby
Bobby, please forgive us. We are struggling to meet the house expenses, these hobbies of yours doesn't suit you
and I cannot see my things getting wasted
I haven't given the whole house things though
If I do something to pacify my heart, so you find it waste
when your own daughters go out of the house & do anything as per their will
but you haven't stopped them till date
an unmarried sister-in-law is not less than a torment
don't you worry at all
the day when my parlor starts making profit, I will pay you every single penny along with interest.
Its my promise to you
Coming...
greetings mom!
greetings to you too!
take this
uncle, thank you!
did you get the salary?
yes, I've got it
thanks a lot my God, tomorrow is the last date for paying the bill and the landlord will also come
Leave it, come...
this is twenty five thousand rupees
twenty five thousand rupees only?
where is the rest of the money?
I have bought this stuff of five thousand rupees & I've kept ten thousand with me
what will you do with ten thousand?
why? can't I keep ten thousand from my salary?
there is no need to signify, I know it very well why you took ten thousand
the jeweler had called, you had gone there right?
what was the need to pay him advance for the set?
it is difficult to meet the ends here & you want to wear a set
I don't like to
I'm doing it for you, if you will give a gold jewelry set then it will add to your respect
one cannot fill their stomach with respect
leave that respect which can be earned after starving
the inflation is rising on regular basis, and I get shortage of even ten rupees at the end of the month
and here you are
mom, as per our circumstances it is very important for us to save every single penny otherwise nothing will work out
really! so what is all this? yes?
this tissue, spray... this bottle. Why you did this extra expense?
actually aunt Shamsa & Talal are coming
Okay
that is what I'm thinking that since when you have started to care a lot about us
you have started to meet that dishonest person once again
what is this, mom? Why do you get so annoyed after listening to his name? What is wrong with him?
wrong? Should I respect those mother & son duo
Oh God they are in such a hurry for the marriage, as if the dooms day is going to come tomorrow
they have been seeking my proposal from the past three years. Aunty is coming here upon Talal's insistence
please mom, accept it this time
it is wrong to make some one wait for so long
wrong! yes yes... now you will find me wrong
somebody has said the right thing, It is not the right time to keep your daughter unmarried
it was me who was crazy, who use to consider her daughters as her care taker
here a twelve year old girl wanted a husband
mom, I've become of 32 while working
are you taunting me, huh?
this was only left. Now you will taunt your mother about your salary
True that, a daughter can never become a son
Talal's mother is looking for other girls for his marriage
let them find a witch then, but listen to me very carefully
those people who run away by leaving their loved ones in difficult times, they never stay happy ever
mom, I'm not running away by leaving anyone.
I will fulfill my responsibility whole heartedly
mom... but if you refused this time then my promise will get broken
you are so concerned about yourself, and what about our hopes that will break. You don't care about it at all
it is Talal's love that he hadn't been disloyal to me till date
otherwise, the way you've asked them to leave... nobody comes back
a woman who always praises a man's love, usually commits sin
there isn't any such thing like love
it is just the betrayal of eyes & heart
nice shoes, when did you buy them?
I had bought them on the day, when I went out with sister Bano
Zoya
don't stare at me, I am not scared of anyone
what if someone sees you, then?
why were you looking at him like that?
then let it be
and if he gets happy to see me smiling, then what is the harm in it?
stop your non-sense
you are talking so loudly, he will hear it
by the way, nobody becomes a lover if they load a phone's credit twice
he has you number?
yes, I gave him because I didn't had balance. Do you know, he loads hundred rupees every time
look straight
what are you looking at?
if you see the girls on the way, so you have got a right to annoy them?
look over there
I'm not annoying, I was just passing by... and saw Zoya
don't you dare to take my sister's name from your filthy mouth, understood?
you are scolding me for no reason, I...
I will break your legs if I ever see you on this road again, understood?
look over there... let me get you some load, come with me
shall we go to the market today, this way we will do some shopping
as if mom will take you
let's ask her
greetings...
greetings to you too!
you guys got so late today
I was in the college, but she got late in coming
mom, actually the result got announced today
so, I've done top
I've got a gold medal
oh wow!
is it of Gold?
heartiest congratulations to you
thank you, aunty
do you know, today the whole hall was clapping when they had announced my name.
Thanks to God that your college has give you something.
Otherwise, I had grown tired of paying your college fee
mom, you don't have to pay my fee anymore
people who does top gets scholarship from college. So my masters will be done on scholarship
there is no need to do masters
whatever you have done is enough
what happen?
what had to happen?
now its your duty to take care of the responsibilities
when elders don't take care of their responsibilities then the younger ones should take their duties
what does it mean?
you stay quiet! I'm talking to Ayesha
mom... I have to do masters
I've got a scholarship, I did a lot of hard work for it
everyone does hard work for themselves, but who is thinking about this house?
Bano is in a hurry to get married, you are after studies & Zoya is of no use
who will think about this house?
did something happen in the house today?
don't know
Bano
are you sleeping?
can anyone sleep here in peace, in mom's presence?
what happen?
she is so angry downstairs & here you are upset
Ayesha... try to explain her
if not Talal's family then at least she shall say "yes" while thinking about my love
why? Has brother Talal said something?
he wants to bring his mom here
nobody cares about the embarrassment I face while giving him justifications
mom gets so angry after listening to his name, don't know what is the problem
don't you worry, I will talk to her
she fears that I will back off, and I'm selfish
I'm telling her that I will take care of the house expense after my wedding. But No, she doesn't trust me
once I will get the job then everything will be fine
nothing will get fixed like this
if mom will keep on refusing like this & Talal got married to someone else then...
nothing as such will happen, he won't do
our mother is the only mother in this world, who doesn't want to wed off her daughters
don't say this
she will hear this & get upset. Then she will become more angry
she has to listen the truth
it is not us, but every other person is saying who knows the circumstances of this house
it is us who have faced the sorrows after father's death
we have faced a lot of deprivations, we stood by her side in every situation for what?
so that we shall sacrifice our happiness?
today its me, & tomorrow it will be you
any one of us has to stay in this house as a son
whether you become a son or a daughter
our mother is business minded
wherever she finds benefit, she makes a deal
By the way don't you worry at all.
I will not let you & brother Talal get distant, you will get married
because of their haste, we have to starve
I will talk to her
absolutely not!
nobody will talk to Bano about her proposal, especially not you aunt Bobby
what have I said?
I'm just saying that Bano is naive
she is not aware of a man's reality
presently she doesn't value her freedom & tomorrow she is going to cry for it
she will realize it
at that time, when that vicious guy will restrict her by becoming her husband
mom... when a person who is giving backs off, then a person taking it shall step back quietly
Why? Don't I have any right on her?
I'm her mother, I've got complete right on her
shall she leave her rights because of yours & till when?
don't know when the problems & expenses of this house are going to end, so won't you get her married?
there is not need to advocate her
search for a job, when you will get a job then I will wed her off
Fine!
okay then, I'm searching for a job
but till then nobody will talk to Bano about her proposal
and everyone will meet brother Talal & aunt Shamsa with respect
so mom has kept this condition?
Somehow I have to do the job
No Ayesha, I won't let you do this
first of all complete your education
my education is completed, I've already got a degree
Besides, I've to do something to come out of this situation
Ayesha
don't worry about it, I will handle
Bano... I want to talk to you
go ahead
Bano look, a mother never wants anything bad for their children & I'm not your enemy
and you know this very well that you are the only bread winner of our family
I just talked to you about it downstairs, and you've started this conversation once again
stay quiet, I'm talking
Bano look, this house is running because of your salary
therefore, wait for few days
you can get married once Ayesha gets a job.. .
I'm not doing all this to annoy you intentionally
then leave him
there is no scarcity of men for a working woman
you will get a rich man, who will not stop you for helping your mother & sisters
Talal himself is a small employee
It is not easy to get a naive & sincere guy like Talal. And he is not greedy
mom, if Talal would have been greedy then he wouldn't have agreed to marry Bano while knowing our circumstances
yes! and it is my salary, wherever I spend it. He doesn't have any concern with it
all of these things look good before marriage
mom, Bano has already done a lot. Now I will take care of her responsibilities
and as soon as I will get the job, the house expense will be born by my salary
go & find a job, besides a wedding ceremony doesn't happen so easily
one has to arrange some money for it as well
don't take tension about it
mom... we will do everything
for God sake
Ayesha Sadiq
you've done simple graduation
and you've got no job experience too
can you work on a computer?
yes I can, MS Word, Excel.... computer programming. I know everything
Okay... We will give you a call
its good to have you back, sir
thank you!
I've got a meeting with Shantex Fabrics in next 15 minutes
Sir, are we doing the meeting with them?
of course, we are doing it. All our paper work is ready
but sir their payment is still not done, they are calling as well
they haven't got their payment as of yet?
No sir
but why?
you know we have got no leather products in our raw stock
yes sir
so what, Jamal?
get the file to my room
Yes sir
what! accounts got seized
yes sir, I got to know it today after coming to the office that all the three accounts of our company got sealed
but why?
sir, I had called the bank. They told me to talk to our lawyer
hello Uncle Mansoor, please come to my office
sir, I suggest that presently we shall cancel our meeting with Shantex Fabrics
No, we cannot do this
and this matter won't go out of this office
payment will be arranged
if this deal got canceled, then our company will get a bad impact
and I can't afford that
Ok sir
yes please, how come you are here?
*greetings*
actually you've placed an advertisement in the newspaper for a job
for the receptionist
Oh Ok
please sit
I hereby give devise & bequest all my properties whether movable or immovable
whatsoever & whosoever to my son, on a condition that he has to marry first
according to your father's will, all these properties will be transferred in your name after your marriage
but before that, in this factory, company & in other matters
you cannot take any decision by yourself
by thinking what he did this?
and how can he do this to me?
if you think peacefully
then it was you who had compelled Salman to do this
you are against marriage
to refuse getting marriage again & again
a father, who extremely loves his son
how can he leave his son all alone on the support of his life only?
but how come dad didn't differentiated between my personal & business life?
because every successful businessman's life has some purpose
and in order to achieve that purpose, one should have someone's support
a life partner
you must have heard
there is always a woman's hand behind the successful person
but I don't accept any such thing
you don't accept it but the world does
and the world has witnessed it
what do you mean, nothing can happen?
I mean, is this a joke?
all my business deals are pending, my years long hard work is at stake
you're here with dad's will that if I won't get married then my accounts will remain seized, are you serious?
I cannot do anything, Basit
this is Salman's property
Now how do you have to become its owner, it is his decision
he can never see you becoming a machine like this
listen to me, Mr. Mansoor
this is my dad's legacy
and I don't believe this marriage like rubbish, so please do something
I cannot let my career ruin
you are doing all of this for whom?
for myself
I'm doing it for myself
and after you...
all these properties will go in the trust?
I don't care... Change the damn will
I don't care, Change the damn will
Basit look, don't teach me advocacy
this is illegal, I cannot change this
so what do you want?
you have to change yourself
look... I'm just like a father to you
you've grown up in my hands, I won't give you a wrong suggestion
get married
with any girl, whom you know or like
or either that girl, what was her name.... yes
what about Imtiaz's daughter?
meet her, maybe your decision gets changed
No!
ok listen
if you say so, then shall I look for a girl for you?
what is it, Mr. Mansoor?
have you opened a marriage bureau after leaving advocacy?
if I have to do this for you, then I will do it
if you can do anything for me
then change this will
dear...
consider this will as a line on the stone
rest is your choice
so you are the new receptionist
I like it
I hope you are not in a hurry to leave
alright then, let's talk about the money
how much money do you want?
sir.... presently, I don't have any demand for the salary
what are you doing?
sorry! I clicked it accidentally & the camera was open
delete it
hey! what is the hurry
look, how pretty you are looking
isn't this a disgusting way to get free with someone?
if you ever did this next time, then it will be your head instead of this phone. Understood?
go & tell your mother how pretty she looks
such disgusting people in this country
you are the new receptionist
you've done simple graduation
what is the hurry
look, how pretty you are looking
and you've got no job experience as well
pay the fare
I'm giving
I can't find my wallet
look over there... I was standing there
do fry these kebabs too
Ok mom
greetings!
greetings to you too! so what is the update
any positive response or you came back like that?
Kindly give me two hundred rupees, the auto rickshaw guy is waiting outside
when you didn't had the money, then what was the need to use an auto rickshaw?
I was helpless that is why I had used it, actually my wallet got stolen in the bus that is why
this is good... you haven't earned a single penny. Hence, you've lost everything
I don't have a change
take from her, who is so egotistic about her salary
wait, let me bring it
I had a word in an office, they were saying that they are going to give me a call
huh! you can pacify yourself till all these lies work out
if one gets a job so easily, then there wouldn't be any poverty here
and neither anyone would have died out of hunger, or would have stayed homeless
and here... neither situation or fate is on our side
one problem after another
mom, I'm trying... it takes time to get a job
right now please give me your blessings not taunts
we'll see what is going to happen
quickly go & change your dress, there is a lot of work pending
the guests will come & leave after eating & drinking
it will be us who have to bear all the expenses in this inflation
you didn't go to meet Soha?
I absolutely forgot.
Today I met that Italian designer
I will tell you about the meeting
but you had to go to office in the morning
the HR guy Zubair, today he had an argument in the factory with someone
then I went there to sort out everything
dear, I know you went to the factory intentionally because you doesn't want to meet Soha
I had called at the factory & they told me that everything was fine over there
Soha kept on waiting for you at the restaurant
and Mr. Imtiaz told me that...
you didn't go there, and I felt so embarrassed
there isn't any fault of mine in this, all is your fault
I don't want to meet any of your friend's daughter
All of this was your setup
Ok then tell me the name of that girl which you like
Oh not again, dad! come on
what is this? I've already told you that I've got no interest in the marriage
but I have got a lot of interest in getting you married
what is with you?
why are you after one thing only?
You've been after my marriage since you got sick
Basit dear look...
I want you to see happy in my life
that day I went to Manzoor's house, & his grandson came to sit with him. He kept on playing with him
by looking at him I wished to play with my grandson too
what do you want!
get married
do you want me to do the same mistake that you did?
due to which I had suffered all my life?
do you want another Basit to born & he shall fight with himself all his life
another woman shall leave me for another man, & my son shall bear the same pain that I had suffered all my life
dear look, you know this very well that it was our mutual decision
please! please, stop covering her infidelity
look... you were the most strong remembrance of this relation
and I'm grateful to her that she didn't snatch you from me
the favor that you are talking about was her selfishness, she ran after leaving all her responsibilities behind
whatever she did... but she gave you to me
I have you with me
whom will you have?
when I will die, then you will stay as Basit only
dad please, don't say such things. Nothing will happen to you
all women are not same, my dear
I have seen only one woman, & she was a fraudster
and now I cannot trust any other woman
Now we won't talk on this topic